.. raw:: html

	<ul>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2018arXiv180102634T' class='paper-title'>The Astropy Project: Building an inclusive, open-science project and status of the v2.0 core package</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>The Astropy Collaboration, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. M. Sipőcz, H. M. Günther, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2018arXiv180101171S' class='paper-title'>A Disk Origin for the Monoceros Ring and A13 Stellar Overdensities</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. A. Sheffield, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Tzanidakis, K. V. Johnston, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2017arXiv170905344O' class='paper-title'>Kronos & Krios: Evidence for accretion of a massive, rocky planetary system in a comoving pair of solar-type stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Oh, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. M. Brewer, D. W. Hogg, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2017arXiv170903532P' class='paper-title'>Spectroscopic confirmation of very-wide stellar binaries and large-separation comoving pairs from Gaia DR1</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, S. Oh, D. N. Spergel (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1038/s41550-017-0220-3' class='paper-title'>Gaps and length asymmetry in the stellar stream Palomar 5 as effects of Galactic bar rotation</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Pearson, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3390/galaxies5030044' class='paper-title'>Disk Heating, Galactoseismology, and the Formation of Stellar Halos</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>K. V. Johnston, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, M. Bergemann, C. Laporte, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2017arXiv170605055A' class='paper-title'>Improving \textsl{Gaia} parallax precision with a data-driven model of stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>L. Anderson, D. W. Hogg, B. Leistedt, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aa6ffd' class='paper-title'>Comoving Stars in Gaia DR1: An Abundance of Very Wide Separation Comoving Pairs</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Oh, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, T. D. Morton, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/2017arXiv170406681G' class='paper-title'>Sumo Puff: Tidal Debris or Disturbed Ultra-Diffuse Galaxy?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>J. P. Greco, J. E. Greene, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Leauthaud, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aa643b' class='paper-title'>A Probabilistic Approach to Fitting Period-luminosity Relations and Validating Gaia Parallaxes</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>B. Sesar, M. Fouesneau, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, C. A. L. Bailer-Jones, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
	</ul>
