.. raw:: html

	<ul>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/ac6fea' class='paper-title'>The 3D Galactocentric Velocities of Kepler Stars: Marginalizing Over Missing Radial Velocities</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>R. Angus, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. C. Zinn, M. Bedell, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2206.14220' class='paper-title'>The Astropy Project: Sustaining and Growing a Community-oriented Open-source Project and the Latest Major Release (v5.0) of the Core Package</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>The Astropy Collaboration, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, P. Lian Lim, N. Earl, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2206.13556' class='paper-title'>Constraining the Planet Occurrence Rate around Halo Stars of Potentially Extragalactic Origin</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Yoshida, S. Grunblatt, <span class=apw>A. Price-Whelan</span> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2206.06125' class='paper-title'>Multiple phase-spirals suggest multiple origins in Gaia DR3</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>J. A. S. Hunt, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston, E. Darragh-Ford, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2205.14218' class='paper-title'>On the Hunt for the Origins of the Orphan--Chenab Stream: Detailed Element Abundances with APOGEE and Gaia</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>K. Hawkins, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. A. Sheffield, A. Z. Subrahimovic, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2205.13547' class='paper-title'>The impact of a massive Sagittarius dSph on GD-1-like streams</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. M. Dillamore, V. Belokurov, N. W. Evans, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2205.12277' class='paper-title'>Mapping Dark Matter with Extragalactic Stellar Streams: the Case of Centaurus A</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Pearson, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, A. C. Seth, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2204.07173' class='paper-title'>Implications of the Milky Way travel velocity for dynamical mass estimates of the Local Group</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>K. Chamberlain, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, G. Besla, E. C. Cunningham, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ac47f7' class='paper-title'>Snails across Scales: Local and Global Phase-mixing Structures as Probes of the Past and Future Milky Way</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. S. Gandhi, K. V. Johnston, J. A. S. Hunt, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2022)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ac2c05' class='paper-title'>The Clustering of Orbital Poles Induced by the LMC: Hints for the Origin of Planes of Satellites</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>N. Garavito-Camargo, E. Patel, G. Besla, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/ac1798' class='paper-title'>Double-lined Spectroscopic Binaries in the APOGEE DR16 and DR17 Data</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. Kounkel, K. R. Covey, K. G. Stassun, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ac0b44' class='paper-title'>Quantifying the Impact of the Large Magellanic Cloud on the Structure of the Milky Way's Dark Matter Halo Using Basis Function Expansions</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>N. Garavito-Camargo, G. Besla, C. F. P. Laporte, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ac0532' class='paper-title'>Age-dating Red Giant Stars Associated with Galactic Disk and Halo Substructures</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. K. Grunblatt, J. C. Zinn, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, R. Angus, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/abe391' class='paper-title'>The Gas Content and Stripping of Local Group Dwarf Galaxies</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. E. Putman, Y. Zheng, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. Grcevich, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/abe534' class='paper-title'>Detecting the Figure Rotation of Dark Matter Halos with Tidal Streams</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. Valluri, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, S. J. Snyder (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/abe1b7' class='paper-title'>Orbital Torus Imaging: Using Element Abundances to Map Orbits and Mass in the Milky Way</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, K. V. Johnston, M. K. Ness, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/staa3687' class='paper-title'>Separatrix divergence of stellar streams in galactic potentials</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>T. D. Yavetz, K. V. Johnston, S. Pearson, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2021)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/abbd3a' class='paper-title'>Discovery of Extended Tidal Tails around the Globular Cluster Palomar 13</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>N. Shipp, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. Tavangar, C. Mateu, <i>et al.</i> (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/ab91b2' class='paper-title'>Exploring the Evolution of Stellar Rotation Using Galactic Kinematics</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>R. Angus, A. Beane, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, E. Newton, <i>et al.</i> (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/ab8cbf' class='paper-title'>A Larger Extent for the Ophiuchus Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>N. Caldwell, A. Bonaca, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. Sesar, <i>et al.</i> (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:2005.14199' class='paper-title'>Data Analysis Recipes: Products of multivariate Gaussians in Bayesian inferences</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>D. W. Hogg, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. Leistedt (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab8acc' class='paper-title'>Close Binary Companions to APOGEE DR16 Stars: 20,000 Binary-star Systems Across the Color-Magnitude Diagram</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, H. Rix, R. L. Beaton, <i>et al.</i> (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab5afe' class='paper-title'>Variations in the Width, Density, and Direction of the Palomar 5 Tidal Tails</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. Bonaca, S. Pearson, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Dey, <i>et al.</i> (2020)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab52fc' class='paper-title'>Spectroscopy of the Young Stellar Association Price-Whelan 1: Origin in the Magellanic Leading Arm and Constraints on the Milky Way Hot Halo</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>D. L. Nidever, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, Y. Choi, R. L. Beaton, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab4bdd' class='paper-title'>Discovery of a Disrupting Open Cluster Far into the Milky Way Halo: A Recent Star Formation Event in the Leading Arm of the Magellanic Stream?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. L. Nidever, Y. Choi, E. F. Schlafly, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/ab4cef' class='paper-title'>Kinematics of the Palomar 5 Stellar Stream from RR Lyrae Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, C. Mateu, G. Iorio, S. Pearson, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab4659' class='paper-title'>Antlia 2’s Role in Driving the Ripples in the Outer Gas Disk of the Galaxy</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Chakrabarti, P. Chang, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. Read, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201936738' class='paper-title'>Multiple retrograde substructures in the Galactic halo: A shattered view of Galactic history</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>H. H. Koppelman, A. Helmi, D. Massari, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/2041-8213/ab36ba' class='paper-title'>Multiple Components of the Jhelum Stellar Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. Bonaca, C. Conroy, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/ab2873' class='paper-title'>The Spur and the Gap in GD-1: Dynamical Evidence for a Dark Substructure in the Milky Way Halo</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. Bonaca, D. W. Hogg, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, C. Conroy, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:1907.00987' class='paper-title'>Applying Liouville's Theorem to Gaia Data</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. R. Buckley, D. W. Hogg, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:1903.05094' class='paper-title'>Stellar multiplicity: an interdisciplinary nexus</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>K. Breivik, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. J. D'Orazio, D. W. Hogg, <i>et al.</i> (2019)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aae264' class='paper-title'>Binary Companions of Evolved Stars in APOGEE DR14: Orbital Circularization</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. Goodman (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aae0f0' class='paper-title'>Tidal Features at 0.05 &lt; z &lt; 0.45 in the Hyper Suprime-Cam Subaru Strategic Program: Properties and Formation Channels</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>E. Kado-Fong, J. E. Greene, D. Hendel, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aad7bf' class='paper-title'>Improving Gaia Parallax Precision with a Data-driven Model of Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>L. Anderson, D. W. Hogg, B. Leistedt, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aabc4f' class='paper-title'>The Astropy Project: Building an Open-science Project and Status of the v2.0 Core Package</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>Astropy Collaboration, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. M. Sipőcz, H. M. Günther, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/2041-8213/aad7b5' class='paper-title'>Off the Beaten Path: Gaia Reveals GD-1 Stars outside of the Main Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Bonaca (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aac387' class='paper-title'>Binary Companions of Evolved Stars in APOGEE DR14: Search Method and Catalog of ∼5000 Companions</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, H. Rix, N. De Lee, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aaab4d' class='paper-title'>Kronos and Krios: Evidence for Accretion of a Massive, Rocky Planetary System in a Comoving Pair of Solar-type Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Oh, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. M. Brewer, D. W. Hogg, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aaa4b6' class='paper-title'>A Disk Origin for the Monoceros Ring and A13 Stellar Overdensities</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. A. Sheffield, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Tzanidakis, K. V. Johnston, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/pasj/psx051' class='paper-title'>Sumo Puff: Tidal debris or disturbed ultra-diffuse galaxy?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>J. P. Greco, J. E. Greene, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Leauthaud, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/arXiv:1709.03532' class='paper-title'>Spectroscopic confirmation of very-wide stellar binaries and large-separation comoving pairs from Gaia DR1</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, S. Oh, D. N. Spergel (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1038/s41550-017-0220-3' class='paper-title'>Gaps and length asymmetry in the stellar stream Palomar 5 as effects of Galactic bar rotation</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Pearson, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3390/galaxies5030044' class='paper-title'>Disk Heating, Galactoseismology, and the Formation of Stellar Halos</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>K. V. Johnston, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, M. Bergemann, C. Laporte, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aa6ffd' class='paper-title'>Comoving Stars in Gaia DR1: An Abundance of Very Wide Separation Comoving Pairs</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Oh, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, T. D. Morton, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aa643b' class='paper-title'>A Probabilistic Approach to Fitting Period-luminosity Relations and Validating Gaia Parallaxes</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>B. Sesar, M. Fouesneau, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, C. A. L. Bailer-Jones, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aa5e50' class='paper-title'>The Joker: A Custom Monte Carlo Sampler for Binary-star and Exoplanet Radial Velocity Data</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, D. Foreman-Mackey, H. Rix, <i>et al.</i> (2017)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stw1838' class='paper-title'>A population of short-period variable quasars from PTF as supermassive black hole binary candidates</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. Charisi, I. Bartos, Z. Haiman, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2016)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/0004-637X/824/2/104' class='paper-title'>Spending Too Much Time at the Galactic Bar: Chaotic Fanning of the Ophiuchus Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. Sesar, K. V. Johnston, H. Rix, <i>et al.</i> (2016)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/2041-8205/816/1/L4' class='paper-title'>Evidence of Fanning in the Ophiuchus Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>B. Sesar, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. G. Cohen, H. Rix, <i>et al.</i> (2016)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stv2383' class='paper-title'>Chaotic dispersal of tidal debris</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston, M. Valluri, S. Pearson, <i>et al.</i> (2016)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/mnrasl/slv111' class='paper-title'>Multiple periods in the variability of the supermassive black hole binary candidate quasar PG1302-102?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>M. Charisi, I. Bartos, Z. Haiman, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2015)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stv1324' class='paper-title'>A reinterpretation of the Triangulum-Andromeda stellar clouds: a population of halo stars kicked out of the Galactic disc</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston, A. A. Sheffield, C. F. P. Laporte, <i>et al.</i> (2015)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1088/0004-637X/799/1/28' class='paper-title'>Tidal Stream Morphology as an Indicator of Dark Matter Halo Geometry: The Case of Palomar 5</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Pearson, A. H. W. Küpper, K. V. Johnston, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2015)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1088/2041-8205/797/2/L32' class='paper-title'>The Mass Distribution of Companions to Low-mass White Dwarfs</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>J. J. Andrews, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, M. A. Agüeros (2014)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1088/0004-637X/794/1/4' class='paper-title'>Inferring the Gravitational Potential of the Milky Way with a Few Precisely Measured Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, K. V. Johnston, D. Hendel, <i>et al.</i> (2014)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1088/0004-637X/781/1/35' class='paper-title'>Statistical Searches for Microlensing Events in Large, Non-uniformly Sampled Time-Domain Surveys: A Test Using Palomar Transient Factory Data</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, M. A. Agüeros, A. P. Fournier, R. Street, <i>et al.</i> (2014)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1088/2041-8205/778/1/L12' class='paper-title'>Spitzer, Gaia, and the Potential of the Milky Way</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, K. V. Johnston (2013)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1086/651009' class='paper-title'>What Bandwidth Do I Need for My Image?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg (2010)</span></li>
	</ul>
