.. raw:: html

	<ul>
		<li><a href='http://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03631' class='paper-title'>The Spur and the Gap in GD-1: Dynamical evidence for a dark substructure in the Milky Way halo</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. Bonaca, D. W. Hogg, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, C. Conroy, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aae264' class='paper-title'>Binary Companions of Evolved Stars in APOGEE DR14: Orbital Circularization</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. Goodman (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aae0f0' class='paper-title'>Tidal Features at 0.05 &lt; z &lt; 0.45 in the Hyper Suprime-Cam Subaru Strategic Program: Properties and Formation Channels</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>E. Kado-Fong, J. E. Greene, D. Hendel, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aad7bf' class='paper-title'>Improving Gaia Parallax Precision with a Data-driven Model of Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>L. Anderson, D. W. Hogg, B. Leistedt, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aabc4f' class='paper-title'>The Astropy Project: Building an Open-science Project and Status of the v2.0 Core Package</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>Astropy Collaboration, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, B. M. Sipőcz, H. M. Günther, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/2041-8213/aad7b5' class='paper-title'>Off the Beaten Path: Gaia Reveals GD-1 Stars outside of the Main Stream</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Bonaca (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-3881/aac387' class='paper-title'>Binary Companions of Evolved Stars in APOGEE DR14: Search Method and Catalog of ∼5000 Companions</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'><span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, D. W. Hogg, H. Rix, N. De Lee, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aaab4d' class='paper-title'>Kronos and Krios: Evidence for Accretion of a Massive, Rocky Planetary System in a Comoving Pair of Solar-type Stars</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>S. Oh, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, J. M. Brewer, D. W. Hogg, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aaa4b6' class='paper-title'>A Disk Origin for the Monoceros Ring and A13 Stellar Overdensities</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>A. A. Sheffield, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Tzanidakis, K. V. Johnston, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
		<li><a href='https://doi.org/10.1093/pasj/psx051' class='paper-title'>Sumo Puff: Tidal debris or disturbed ultra-diffuse galaxy?</a><br/><span class='paper-authors'>J. P. Greco, J. E. Greene, <span class=apw>A. M. Price-Whelan</span>, A. Leauthaud, <i>et al.</i> (2018)</span></li>
	</ul>
